README.md, before:

# libm2k-matlab
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/MATLAB-R2019a-BLUE.svg)](https://shields.io/)

MATLAB binding for the [libm2k](https://github.com/analogdevicesinc/libm2k) interface library.

## Releases

Always install the latest release for your MATLAB version from the [releases page](https://github.com/analogdevicesinc/libm2k-matlab/releases/latest).

### Latest Development Builds

|  Operating System | GitHub master status  | MATLAB Release |  Installer Package  |
|:-------:|:---------------------:|:-------:|:-------------------:|
| Linux | [![pipeline status](https://gitlab.com/tfcollins/libm2k-matlab/badges/master/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.com/tfcollins/libm2k-matlab/commits/master) | 2019a | <a href="https://gitlab.com/tfcollins/libm2k-matlab/-/jobs/artifacts/master/download?job=package:linux"><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" data-canonical-src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" height="40" /></a>|
| Windows 10 | [![pipeline status](https://gitlab.com/tfcollins/libm2k-matlab/badges/master/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.com/tfcollins/libm2k-matlab/commits/master) | 2019a | <a href="https://gitlab.com/tfcollins/libm2k-matlab/-/jobs/artifacts/master/download?job=package:win64"><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" data-canonical-src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" height="40" /></a>|

Commit message:

Update to R2020a and v0.2.1 libm2k (#3)
* Migrate to v0.2.1 and R2020a

Signed-off-by: Travis Collins <travis.collins@analog.com>

* Add samples capture/send methods to Windows bindings

Signed-off-by: Travis F. Collins <travis.collins@analog.com>

* Switch to vectorized input passing

Signed-off-by: Travis Collins <travis.collins@analog.com>

* Fix builder script to generate error codes on failures

Signed-off-by: Travis Collins <travis.collins@analog.com>

* Add missing methods for windows

Signed-off-by: Travis Collins <travis.collins@analog.com>

* Update example to new APIs

Signed-off-by: Travis Collins <travis.collins@analog.com>

* Update README

Signed-off-by: Travis Collins <travis.collins@analog.com>

* Add updated linux builder files

Signed-off-by: Travis Collins <travis.collins@analog.com>

* Update MATLAB badge in README

Signed-off-by: Travis Collins <travis.collins@analog.com>

README.md, after:

# libm2k-matlab
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/MATLAB-R2020a-BLUE.svg)](https://shields.io/)

MATLAB binding for the [libm2k](https://github.com/analogdevicesinc/libm2k) interface library.

Documentation is available on [wiki.analog.com](https://wiki.analog.com/university/tools/m2k/matlab). The C++ API reference, which these bindings mirror, is available on [GitHub](https://analogdevicesinc.github.io/libm2k/index.html).

## Releases

Always install the latest release for your MATLAB version from the [releases page](https://github.com/analogdevicesinc/libm2k-matlab/releases/latest).

### Latest Development Builds

|  Operating System | GitHub master status  | MATLAB Release |  Installer Package  |
|:-------:|:---------------------:|:-------:|:-------------------:|
| Windows 10 | [![pipeline status](https://gitlab.com/tfcollins/libm2k-matlab/badges/master/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.com/tfcollins/libm2k-matlab/commits/master) | R2020a | <a href="https://gitlab.com/tfcollins/libm2k-matlab/-/jobs/artifacts/master/download?job=package:win64"><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" data-canonical-src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" height="40" /></a>|
| Linux | [![pipeline status](https://gitlab.com/tfcollins/libm2k-matlab/badges/master/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.com/tfcollins/libm2k-matlab/commits/master) | R2020a | Must be built from source |
